Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Episode 1
Nice to Meet You
What does love mean to you?
To me, it's something you only devote
to one person in life. Your soulmate.
So maybe I didn't show you enough love.
Or maybe... you were never my
soulmate in the first place.
You're blaming this on me?!
Oh, scary. A breakup fight?
Wait, isn't that guy Hananoi-kun?
Hananoi-kun?
You don't know him, Hotaru?!
Come on! The popular boy from the class
next door whose height and looks
everyone agrees are in the 99th percentile?
No?! This girl couldn't care less!
Oh, sorry. It's hard enough for me
to remember my own classmates.
A whole other class would be...
It's December already!
Fine then!
You'll never be in a proper
relationship anyway!
I guess even hot guys go
through horrible breakups.
How could you say something so mean
to someone you once liked?
As they say, a love too strong
can become a hate even stronger.
You'll understand once
you fall in love too, Hotaru.
When you fall in love,
your special someone becomes more
important than friends and family, right?
I don't really get that,
so I don't think it's for me.
That same old excuse again?
Well, I'd like to take this moment
to make an announcement.
I have a boyfriend now!
Oh. Congrats.
Way too sedate!
You're supposed to get all excited!
Or at least lament,
"You can't leave me all alone!"
That's kinda asking a lot, Kyo-chan.
My name is Hinase Hotaru.
I'm almost sixteen, and I'm in my
first year of high school.
I've lived my life free of romance,
Anyway, thanks for listening.
No problem. Good luck!
but I'm blessed with friends and family.
See you!
Until next time!
If I can keep spending my days peacefully,
enjoying the little things in life,
that's enough for me,
even if I never fall in love.
Or, at least, that's what I thought.
No umbrella? The breakup
must've really been a shock...
I still don't get it, though.
Why do people fall in love in the first place?
What in the world does it feel like?
U-Um, you'll catch a cold like this.
I never imagined the umbrella
I held out for him that day...
You're Hinase Hotaru-chan, right?
Nice to meet you.
I like you.
Will you go out with me?
...would change my life forever.
Never in my wildest dreams.
Check out that guy! Isn't he super hot?
Hotaru-chan! Good morning.
Hananoi-kun? G-Good morning.
Were you waiting for me?
Yeah.
Even though I politely declined yesterday?
I thought I should give you a chance
to get to know me first.
Hey, over there!
Is that the girl Hananoi asked out?
How wild is it to do that
in front of the whole class?
I guess hotties can get away with that stuff.
I figured she'd be a real babe or something.
Mind telling me about
what sorts of things you like?
Hey! She'll hear you!
Hotaru-chan? Hotaru-chan?
S-Sorry! What is it?
Oh, I was just asking about what you're into.
What about hairstyles and stuff?
Hairstyles?
I guess short hair is a lot easier to wash.
Short hair, huh?
Listen...
Would you tell me why you chose me?
When you held your umbrella out for me,
I thought, "This girl must be my soulmate."
You said that yesterday too.
Well, I get approached by lots of people,
but once we start talking,
they always drift away.
He asked her out in front of everyone.
They find me strange or creepy.
I guess they get disillusioned.
She's not what I expected at all!
People like the way I look, so they have
all these weird expectations of me.
And then there was you, Hotaru-chan,
who just talked to me like it was no big deal.
Maybe that's why.
See you.
H-Hotaru! What are you doing coming
to school with Hananoi-kun?!
Kyo-chan, Shibamu! Good morning.
Morning.
What gives?! Did you decide
to go out with him after all?
You can't leave me all alone!
No, no.
Though he did say...
"Why don't you get to know me first
and then think it over?"
Huh. Well, how's it going? Has your
impression of him changed after a day?
Hmm...
He's kind of enigmatic.
The Next Day
A winter-exclusive cafeteria delicacy
Get them to go!
Back this year!
Braised Pork Buns
That looks heavy.
Oh, thanks. I was taking
it to the faculty room...
Huh?! Hananoi-kun, your hair!
Well? Is it more to your liking now,
Hotaru-chan?
Things to Do During Winter Break
Wait, we weren't talking
about my hair yesterday?!
Oh, you don't like it?
Art Club
Did you really cut it just to suit my tastes?
I figured I could work
on my appearance first.
You look totally stumped right now.
Sorry, I honestly just...
It's fine, it's fine.
The faculty room, right?
I'll go with you.
We're playing basketball in PE, right?
Thank you. That's a huge help.
I'm sorry, Hananoi-kun.
I know you're doing all this for me,
but I don't really know what it means
to have special feelings for someone.
I guess I'm like a robot
or a cyborg or something.
A robot, huh?
Well, if you don't know what it's like,
why not give it a try?
Huh?
Go out with me
and experience it for yourself.
Yeah. Like until Christmas or something.
I'd just end up hurting you that way.
People who are made like me
have no business falling in love.
There's no such thing as someone
who shouldn't fall in love.
He's an enigma,
but not the unsettling kind...
I guess.
Sorry! I promised I'd eat lunch
with my boyfriend today.
And I've got a club meeting.
Sorry.
Really sorry!
Guess I'm on my own today.
Hotaru-chan.
Want to eat lunch together?
I-I came along without really thinking...
Hotaru-chan?
But I've already turned him down once.
Maybe I shouldn't be doing this.
Hotaru-chan, Hotaru-chan! Want one?
The cafeteria's special braised pork bun?!
Thank you!
I bought that just for you, so help yourself.
Here.
Let's eat it together!
Thanks for this.
Yum!
Thanks...
Is it good?
Yup.
It's delicious because I'm eating it
here with you.
Eating together makes it delicious?
Yeah, I think I can understand that feeling.
Wait, your earrings...
Oh.
I figured you probably didn't
care for flashy stuff like that.
Um, actually, I meant to say this before,
but you really don't need
to change yourself for me.
I think you should keep enjoying
the things that you like.
Okay.
If it bothers you,
I'll put my earrings back in.
Huh? But...
Oh, wait. I only have one...
I must have dropped the other
one somewhere. Oh well.
What? Want me to help you look for it?
No, it's fine. No big deal.
One is enough, right?
Why does he keep doing so much for me?
You mean Hananoi-kun?
He's trying so hard because
he wants you to like him.
Hey, hey! Does anyone have
some hairpins I can borrow?
These are all I've got. Will they do?
You're a lifesaver! Thank you, Hinase-san!
I still feel like he's doing too much...
I mean, take the earrings. They're against
the dress code, so he must really like them.
He doesn't think of himself enough.
It worries me sometimes.
Hotaru-chan, want to walk home together?
Hananoi-kun!
Sorry, I have to go look
for something on the field.
I lost one of her hairpins! I'm so sorry!
It's okay! Don't worry about it.
But Hotaru-chan, it's...
It'd be pretty difficult to find it right now.
I'm sorry, Hinase-san!
I'll buy you a new one!
It's really okay! It's not your fault.
Sorry to drag you out here. I guess
we might as well walk home together.
I really should go look for it...
I guess I'll go first thing in the morning.
Hananoi-kun
Yes, hello?
Ah, Hotaru-chan?
Sorry, I just have a quick question.
Does the hairpin you lost have a ribbon?
No, it has a star on it.
Really? Then this isn't it...
All right. Thanks.
I'll see you at school tomorrow.
Wait!
Hananoi-kun, where are you right now?
You aren't actually at school, are you?
Nah.
Hotaru? Where are you going at this hour?
School!
There's no way...
He can't be there.
No normal person would go searching
for a single hairpin in the snow like this.
But...
But maybe Hananoi-kun would. He might.
Hotaru-chan?
Shoot. You came.
I'm sorry. I really wanted to surprise you,
but I haven't found it yet.
Hananoi-kun...
I'm sorry, but I still don't get it.
Why? Why go this far?
Because I...
wanted to make you smile.
That's it?
Everything he's done has just been
to make me smile?
I'll be fine, so why
don't you head back home?
I'm just going to check over here.
Hananoi-kun.
Hananoi-kun!
Please, stop this. That's enough.
Wow, I even get a nice hug from you.
You big dummy!
Look.
If you make yourself sick finding it,
I won't be happy at all!
Oh... I see. I guess you have a point.
I'm being weird, huh?
People tell me I go too far.
That's not the point!
If you don't stop now,
Hananoi-kun, you could die!
Hotaru-chan...
This isn't going to kill me.
Besides,
if I got to see you smile,
then at least I'd die happy.
If it means only one person gets to be happy,
then I don't ever want to fall in love!
Teacher! I need to borrow
a blanket and a towel!
By the way, I haven't seen
Hananoi-san around recently.
That's because...
You got in a fight, Hotaru?!
I didn't even know you could get mad!
I honestly don't know if
I could face him right now.
I've never yelled at someone
like that before.
Oh. Look who's here.
Hotaru-chan.
Hananoi-kun.
I'm sorry I've been bugging you so much.
I won't bother you after today.
But before that, I wanted to give you this.
Oh, don't worry. I went back
after the snow melted.
Thank you. It was a present from my family.
Did you know it was important to me?
No, but I did notice you seem to have special
things that you like to use all the time.
So I thought you'd be sad if you lost it.
I see...
Hananoi-kun treasures what's important
to me. Even more than I do.
If that's what it means to love, then...
it's truly a wonderful thing.
Hananoi-kun, I have something
I want to give you too.
Here.
I found it on the ground
by the vending machine.
Put it on.
Yeah, the other one seemed lonely by itself.
They look better together.
Take good care of what's
important to you, okay?
I'm really sorry.
Wow, he looks so sad.
But it's kind of cute.
Whenever I'm with Hananoi-kun,
I keep feeling all kinds of new things.
If I spent more time with him,
maybe I'd start to understand
what it's like to be overwhelmed with emotion.
What it's like to fall in love.
There's no such thing as someone
who shouldn't fall in love.
See you.
W-Wait!
U-Um, I don't think I've told you this yet,
but I've never once thought that
I didn't like you, Hananoi-kun.
I don't think it means
that I like you in that way,
but it's been fun, and you've
made me happy sometimes.
So, um...
Do you think someone like
me might be able to learn?
Do you think even I might
fall in love someday?
When that girl said...
You'll never be in a proper
relationship anyway!
I felt like she was talking to me.
It was saddening.
Why don't I ever feel that
kind of strong emotion?
Why can't I understand what that's like
when everybody else can?
I know you will.
I'm sure that the day will come
when you know how it feels
to love someone special.
Were you...
Were you serious about giving it a try?
Huh?
Are you... saying you'll go out with me?
I still don't know if I can make it work,
but I want to know what it feels
like to fall in love with someone!
Um, Hananoi-kun...
Everyone's looking—
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy...
And that's how I ended up
with my very first boyfriend,
even though I still didn't really
understand what was happening.
Hananoi-kun's idea of love and my idea
of love might not be the same thing,
but at the very least,
I've taken my first step into a new world.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk